I my friend Iowa
to celebrate
Oh
ego by war I are a form of a war eagle
my god what's going on here is these
guys are saying i am the man of this
land I must go into the coffee fields
and harvest and take care of the coffee
because that's what supports my family
this is what they're singing so this
plant is the tribal boundary that was
planted to demark the coup my tribe
territory and a new in deuca tribe
territory right yeah so this is come on
come I and do konca yeah come on
you
all around the world coffee farmers have
mechanical or electric mills to process
their coffee but here in the Highlands
of Papua New Guinea the families use
River stones to remove the coffee bean
from the fruit this is the only place in
the world where people process coffee
this way
lucky guy
I'm here in the Highlands of Papua New
Guinea searching for the perfect coffee
for you and I think I've found it from
the dignity coffee growers association
let's give it a try okay this coffee is
very smooth a little nutty oh my whoa
bit ball and an underlying fruitiness
yeah I think that's about right for you
so let's see what these guys think what
do you guys think of this coffee okay
tell him again tell David what you think
should okay they're telling you it's
delicious so we're gonna bring some of
this coffee back to you in New York
alright well look um you behind